Update README.md (#275)
Starcounter/Docs: docs/README.md

- [Ubuntu 18.04.02 x64](https://ubuntu.com/download/desktop) or [Windows 10 Pro x64 Build 1903](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/software-download/windows10).

  - [Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10) is also supported.
  - [Ubuntu 19.10 x64](https://ubuntu.com/download/desktop) is also supported.

- [.NET Core 3.0.100](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/3.0), SDK for development, runtime for production.
- Enough RAM to load database of targeted size.
- It's recommended to have at least two CPU cores.

> **Note**: Please let us know if you have any issues trying or installting Starcounter. We monitor our [GitHub: Starcounter/Home](https://github.com/Starcounter/Home/issues) issue tracker and stand ready to assist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Please let us know if you encounter any issues while working with Starcounter. We monitor our [GitHub: Starcounter/Home](https://github.com/Starcounter/Home/issues) issue tracker and stand ready to assist.
```

[The latest supported Visual C++ downloads](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads).

> Make sure to `Unblock` archive after downloading prior to extracting it. See the screenshot below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to `Unblock` the archive after downloading prior to extracting it. See the screenshot below:
```

Visual Studio requires manual NuGet package sources configuration. For this go to the `Tools → Options → NuGet Package Manager → Package Sources` menu then add `local` and `Starcounter` feeds.

> **Note**: Replace the `[Starcounter.3.0.0-rc-20191212]` value with actual path to the folder with unzipped Starcounter binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Replace the `[Starcounter.3.0.0-rc-20191212]` value with the actual path to the folder with unzipped Starcounter binaries.
```
